Runtime Answers:

1. The workload is determined by the length of the list, in this case the number
   of animal crackers in the box. 

2. Order the runtimes:
    O(1), O(log n), O(n), O(n log n), O(n^2), O(2^n) 

Stacks and Queues Answers:

1.1 Loading/unloading pallets onto a flatbed truck - stack data structure
1.2 Putting bottle caps on bottles on assembly line - queue data structure
1.3 Calculating math expression - stack data structure

2. A queue would be more approprite when creating task lists or when implementing
   breadth first search on trees. 

3. Stacks are more appropriate when you want to see items in reverse, such as 
   the 'go back' arrow in the browser, or when doing depth first search on trees

Linked Lists Answers:

1. The nodes of the list are the apple node (the box with "Apple" and 'next' 
   compartment, the berry node and the cherry node.
   The data for the apple node is "Apple", for the berry node is "Berry" and for
   the cherry node is "Cherry".
   The head of the linked list is the apple node. The linked list has no tail 
   specified. The last node in the list is the cherry node. 

2. Singly-linked lists specify the node that follows it and it can be transversed
   from head to tail. Doubly-linked lists specify the node that precedes it as 
   well as the node that follows it. It can be transversed in both directions.

3. It is faster to append to the linked list if we keep track of the tail because
   we would not need to transverse the list to find the last node in it. It changes
   the runtime from O(n) (runtime to transverse the whole linked list) to O(1) 
   which is the runtime to add a node after the tail node. 


Trees Answers:

1. Breadth First Search would visit the food node check if its data is 'burritos',
   then it would visit its children (Italian, Indian, Mexican) and check if 
   their data is 'burritos', then it would visit lasagna, pizza, tikka masala, 
   saag, burritos. It would return when burritos is found. 

2. The order of nodes in DFS algorithm is : food, Mexican, echiladas, tacos, burritos,
   Indian, saag, tikka masala, Italian, pizza, Sicilian, New York-style, Chicago-style.
   It would stop at Chicago-style.

3. Binary search tree nodes have only two children, a left child and a right child.
   Each child of a node has a specific arrangement, the child with lower value
   is placed on the left branch, the child with the higher value is placed on the
   right branch. BSTs are good structures for searching if the tree is balanced
   properly and have runtime of O(log n).



